---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/index.html
---

ServerlessApp.net is a tutorial site for [Serverless Framework](https://serverless.com/) as well as a functional example of [AWS](https://aws.amazon.com/) serverless architecture. The various parts of the site will run on exactly the same principals as the tutorials you read here. 


[The first tutorial](/serverless/frontend/2018/10/11/00-wtf-is-serverless.html) is all about setting up a static web frontend (currently this jekyll site but could be any modern frontend such as React, Angular, Vue, etc) to be served from S3 over SSL via Cloudfront. All the certificate creation and dns entries, etc will be created automatically on deploy using the Cloudformation files generated by Serverless Framework.

Upcoming tutorials will cover the following things, and hopefully more:

- A backend rest api powered by Lambda and DynamoDB. 
- A login / user account system, perhaps using Cognito.
- An update to the Frontend tutorial where we build and package a React app. At this time, I expect I will replace this jekyll site with the new one. 
- A custom phone system (feature limited) app that integrated with Twilio.
- Hopefully many more interesting ways to build on this technology. (send me ideas!)

In addition to adding new Tutorials and supplements, I intend to make a video tutorial for each of the big ones. These will hopefully be able to stand on their own and support whichever method of learning is best for you.

<p align="right">- John Z</p>